--- Page 1 ---

f iS OF THE SEVE) TEEMTH e's F THE SENATE
HELD CN THE STH FEES JARY 65,
5 eee

1, Prof. 5. Sengupto (Director/Chairman )
2. fr. G. S. Laddha

8. Prof. T. Balakrishnan Nair

4, Prof. 8. S. Narayanamurthi

§, Dr, P. Venkata Rao

Outre M.V.C. Sastri

7. Prof. Sampath

8; Prof. Krishnamurthi
Pr. °.C. Varghese

10, Dr. S.R. Valluri

ll. Dr, ©. Venkateswarlu
i 12. Pr. S.D. Nigam
13. Stahl
2 4 vol4, Ore WV. Scheer
; 15." Br. - Koch

re

16, br. Heitland
At. fr Latz;

i

i i
Prof./C..V. Sethunathan, Supernumerary Registrar, was present
: | y %eg

the a by invitation.

/ To confirm the minutes of the Sixteenth Meet ing
| of the Senate held on the 27th Lecember 1964.

The| letter dated the 2nd February ‘65 from

ee

eS. R- Valluri
ffering nik comments as mentioned below on the minutes was placed
i :

efore the |Senate.

In|regard to the 2nd =“ragraph of Item No.l of the Minutesy
j
Valluyi sought clarification whether the invigilator would,

nvariably, be called by the Standing Committee of the Senate to
, a

{

give evidlence or whether the Committee Maile call him whenever they
eemed it} necessary in regard to a malpractice committed by a student
at an examination. He was informed by the Chairman that the

invigilator would be heard by the Standing Committee in cases

where they felt that his evidence was necessary. |
Ee i Resolut: on WWo.165/64, the names were corrected as

llows as pointed ont by Pr. Valluri.

c) Prof. B. Narasimha
a) Prof. Nerasimha Murthy

Mr. Valluri brought to the notice of the Senate that we
part of the recommendations of the Committee had not been fully 4

jht out in the Senate Resolution Nowl68/64, The Chairman

a that this be considered separately in due course,


--- Page 2 ---

]
The Minutes of the 6th Meoting of the Senate were-adopted

with the modification cited

Item No.2: To consider the results of the final exami-
tion for the fifth year class of: the five
year £.Fech, Degree Course held in Tecember
1664 - January 1965,

The Senate wo

PESCLYED that the recommendations made on 5,2. '65 by the
( 9 y

Comittee appointed to scrutinise the results of the final year class

|

of, the five yoar

«Tech. “<gree Course. be @cecepted (Vice Annexure No.1

for the recommendations of the-Committec.) and the results be announced

after giving effect to the underme

itiened rule for moderation recommen- {

abd by the Committee.

} mA Student who failed in only one subject by getting not

less than 45% may get the bei t af 5 marks in the subject cor ¢
ea {
end’ be deemed to; have passed in that subject.”
'
The Senate considered the case of one student in the mical

Ingincering Branch who had failed

the Project Work.

|
The Senate

Seid student be given a new projecc by the

read of the Pepartment and be asked to submit his project work within
}
he date line to be

ed by the Head of the “epartment so as to

enable him te take the supplemental examination in Avril/May 'd5,

sn also that the classes and ranks of the successful

stucents jas worked out and scrutinised by the Committee as given in

nnnexure No,II be approved and announced,
m_ No.2: To receive @ report of the Chairman on the
3 results of the supplementary examination
‘held in November 1 for the students of
the secon¢e-year class of the three year
: Tech. Tegree Conrse inthe -subjects in
which they have not secured
\ the requ ¢ minimum after the final
ation at the end of the second tefm.

The report of the Chairman was consid

/
noted that out of the 33 students who appear

The Senat

for the examination, 25 students had been declere? to have bee


--- Page 3 ---

Successful in the subjects of the second term in which they had

appeared and 5 students h failed to ‘get the prescribed grades
‘end been directed to repeat the second term of the first year
of aN course (vide Annexure No.IIT for the list of students.) .

¢ Te Senate. Erernred the report and ratified the action taken by

2 overall ass
@red to have passec in that

was no failure in any cf

.

arships
1 January
fending the criteria to be llowed
aware of merit anc merit-cum-means
Sand free Studentships to the
ts acmitted to the Ist year class of
year BeTec) . "egree Course in 1964-65,

RESCLYFD thet ane followi Sevonmen¢at ions of the

4 “The | Senate

Scholarships Fules Committec be accepted.

(4) The Scholarships for the 3 year Degree Course be
awarded on the basis of the performance in the academic sphey,

the students who have passe¢ in all the subjects of the ent